README.md, before:

# Terminal Fun

Collection of various terminal tools and effects.


## Effects & Visuals

These are mostly useless but very pretty.

- [zero](https://github.com/sinclairzx81/zero/) – 3D Graphics Rendering Pipeline. Implemented in JavaScript. Run in a terminal.
- [cxxmatrix](https://github.com/akinomyoga/cxxmatrix/) – C++ Matrix: The Matrix Reloaded in Terminals (Number falls, Banners, Matrix rains, Conway's Game of Life and Mandelbrot set).
- [awkaster](https://github.com/TheMozg/awk-raycaster) – Pseudo-3D shooter written completely in gawk using raycasting technique.
- [cbeams](https://github.com/tartley/cbeams) – A command-line program which draws pretty animated colored circles in the terminal.
- [lolcat](https://github.com/busyloop/lolcat) – Rainbows and unicorns! Transforms text into rainbow colors.
- [parrotsay](https://github.com/matheuss/parrotsay) – The Party Parrot on your terminal.
- [rice](https://github.com/janbrennen/rice) – rice, hax, etc.
- [cmatrix](https://github.com/abishekvashok/cmatrix) – Terminal based "The Matrix" like implementation.


## Tools & Utilities

Useful tools but pretty nevertheless.

**Monitoring tools:**

- [glances](https://github.com/nicolargo/glances) – Glances an Eye on your system. A top/htop alternative for GNU/Linux, BSD, Mac OS and Windows operating systems.
- [gtop](https://github.com/aksakalli/gtop) – System monitoring dashboard for terminal.
- [vtop](https://github.com/MrRio/vtop) – Wow such top. So stats. More better than regular top.
- [htop](https://github.com/hishamhm/htop) – htop is an interactive text-mode process viewer for Unix systems. It aims to be a better 'top'.
- [wavemon](https://github.com/uoaerg/wavemon) – wavemon is an ncurses-based monitoring application for wireless network devices.
- [ngxtop](https://github.com/lebinh/ngxtop) – Real-time metrics for nginx server.


**Others:**

- [tig](https://github.com/jonas/tig) – Text-mode interface for git.
- [icdiff](https://github.com/jeffkaufman/icdiff) – Improved colored diff.
- [pgcli](https://github.com/dbcli/pgcli) –  Postgres CLI with autocompletion and syntax highlighting.
- [mycli](https://github.com/dbcli/mycli) – A Terminal Client for MySQL with AutoCompletion and Syntax Highlighting.
- [ccat](https://github.com/jingweno/ccat) – Colorizing `cat` (syntax highlighting).
- [httpie](https://github.com/jakubroztocil/httpie) – Modern command line HTTP client – user-friendly curl alternative with intuitive UI, JSON support, syntax highlighting, wget-like downloads, extensions, etc.
- [cheat](https://github.com/cheat/cheat) –  cheat allows you to create and view interactive cheatsheets on the command-line. It was designed to help remind nix system administrators of options for commands that they use frequently, but not frequently enough to remember.
- [fzf](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf) – A command-line fuzzy finder.
- [hexyl](https://github.com/sharkdp/hexyl) – A command-line hex viewer.
- [bat](https://github.com/sharkdp/bat) – A cat(1) clone with wings.
- [onefetch](https://github.com/o2sh/onefetch) – Git repository summary on your terminal.
- [thefuck](https://github.com/nvbn/thefuck) – Magnificent app which corrects your previous console command.
- [speedometer](https://github.com/wardi/speedometer) – Chart network TX/RX and file download rates on the console.


## Web based

These work in the terminal but are streamed off the web.

- [gameboy.live](https://github.com/HFO4/gameboy.live) – A basic gameboy emulator with terminal "Cloud Gaming" support.
- [parrot.live](https://github.com/hugomd/parrot.live) – Bringing animated parrots to terminals everywhere.
- [wttr.in](https://github.com/chubin/wttr.in) – The right way to check the weather.


## Other

- [cool-retro-term](https://github.com/Swordfish90/cool-retro-term) – A good looking terminal emulator which mimics the old cathode display...

Commit message:

Updated description and added drawille.

README.md, after:

# Terminal Fun

You want your terminal to be awesome? Obsessed with pushing text mode to its limits?
This is a collection of various terminal tools and effects to help you on your quest.


## Effects & Visuals

These are mostly useless but very pretty.

- [zero](https://github.com/sinclairzx81/zero/) – 3D Graphics Rendering Pipeline. Implemented in JavaScript. Run in a terminal.
- [cxxmatrix](https://github.com/akinomyoga/cxxmatrix/) – C++ Matrix: The Matrix Reloaded in Terminals (Number falls, Banners, Matrix rains, Conway's Game of Life and Mandelbrot set).
- [awkaster](https://github.com/TheMozg/awk-raycaster) – Pseudo-3D shooter written completely in gawk using raycasting technique.
- [cbeams](https://github.com/tartley/cbeams) – A command-line program which draws pretty animated colored circles in the terminal.
- [lolcat](https://github.com/busyloop/lolcat) – Rainbows and unicorns! Transforms text into rainbow colors.
- [parrotsay](https://github.com/matheuss/parrotsay) – The Party Parrot on your terminal.
- [rice](https://github.com/janbrennen/rice) – rice, hax, etc.
- [drawille](https://github.com/asciimoo/drawille) – Pixel graphics in terminal with unicode braille characters.
- [cmatrix](https://github.com/abishekvashok/cmatrix) – Terminal based "The Matrix" like implementation.


## Tools & Utilities

Useful tools but pretty nevertheless.

**Monitoring tools:**

- [glances](https://github.com/nicolargo/glances) – Glances an Eye on your system. A top/htop alternative for GNU/Linux, BSD, Mac OS and Windows operating systems.
- [gtop](https://github.com/aksakalli/gtop) – System monitoring dashboard for terminal.
- [vtop](https://github.com/MrRio/vtop) – Wow such top. So stats. More better than regular top.
- [htop](https://github.com/hishamhm/htop) – htop is an interactive text-mode process viewer for Unix systems. It aims to be a better 'top'.
- [wavemon](https://github.com/uoaerg/wavemon) – wavemon is an ncurses-based monitoring application for wireless network devices.
- [ngxtop](https://github.com/lebinh/ngxtop) – Real-time metrics for nginx server.


**Others:**

- [tig](https://github.com/jonas/tig) – Text-mode interface for git.
- [icdiff](https://github.com/jeffkaufman/icdiff) – Improved colored diff.
- [pgcli](https://github.com/dbcli/pgcli) –  Postgres CLI with autocompletion and syntax highlighting.
- [mycli](https://github.com/dbcli/mycli) – A Terminal Client for MySQL with AutoCompletion and Syntax Highlighting.
- [ccat](https://github.com/jingweno/ccat) – Colorizing `cat` (syntax highlighting).
- [httpie](https://github.com/jakubroztocil/httpie) – Modern command line HTTP client – user-friendly curl alternative with intuitive UI, JSON support, syntax highlighting, wget-like downloads, extensions, etc.
- [cheat](https://github.com/cheat/cheat) –  cheat allows you to create and view interactive cheatsheets on the command-line. It was designed to help remind nix system administrators of options for commands that they use frequently, but not frequently enough to remember.
- [fzf](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf) – A command-line fuzzy finder.
- [hexyl](https://github.com/sharkdp/hexyl) – A command-line hex viewer.
- [bat](https://github.com/sharkdp/bat) – A cat(1) clone with wings.
- [onefetch](https://github.com/o2sh/onefetch) – Git repository summary on your terminal.
- [thefuck](https://github.com/nvbn/thefuck) – Magnificent app which corrects your previous console command.
- [speedometer](https://github.com/wardi/speedometer) – Chart network TX/RX and file download rates on the console.


## Web based

These work in the terminal but are streamed off the web.

- [gameboy.live](https://github.com/HFO4/gameboy.live) – A basic gameboy emulator with terminal "Cloud Gaming" support.
- [parrot.live](https://github.com/hugomd/parrot.live) – Bringing animated parrots to terminals everywhere.
- [wttr.in](https://github.com/chubin/wttr.in) – The right way to check the weather.


## Other

- [cool-retro-term](https://github.com/Swordfish90/cool-retro-term) – A good looking terminal emulator which mimics the old cathode display...
